One time I had a kid come over to my house and tell me that my house was small and boring. 
So then I told him that my house was small because I had an amazing secret basement full of games and toys that I never tell anyone about.
This kid wanted to see it really badly at that point, so I told him to wait outside the basement door so I could get the games and toys ready for him. 
I took a bucket of glitter mixed in with super glue and set it up on the top of the basement door. 
I gave the kid the cue to come inside, and when he opened the door, I stabbed him.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
15 hours ago
Can't focus on sex with the Food Network on in the background
I’m married and have a 4 year old so sex needs to be done in window opportunities. Whatever channel the TV is on in the background is what it’s going to be. Food Network is the hardest to have sex to by far. So if for example Guy Fieri Triple D comes on and I hear “we’re going to Seattle for some funky BBQ fish empanadas” while having sex my brain is “yes sex! But those empanadas sound crazy...dude focus on sex....that’s a shit load of jalapeños, that would give me heartburn for a week....Ok back to focusing on the sex....oh shit he’s going to a bbq pit in Austin next that does burnt tips in white cheddar Mac and Cheese!!! I gotta wrap this up”
oh ᵘʷᵘ oh fuck ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ
ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ fuck sorry ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ sorry im dropping
ᵘʷᵘ my uwus all over the ᵘʷᵘ place ᵘʷᵘ
ᵘʷᵘ ᵘʷᵘ sorry
If you get a text message saying that you need to stick a fork up the ass, don't do it. It hurts really bad. Share this so more people dont fall for it.
You thought Robloxers don't swear?
Well guess what, you pussy ass bitch. We do. Fuck shit pussy cunt. Does that surprise you? Are you perhaps shocked? I'm sure you fucking are, tosser. We are not innocent. Is something wrong - are you going to cry? Are you maybe wishing that I will stop? I won't, you piece of piss-infused shit. I am a Robloxian, and I am god damn proud of it. God bless America.
My name is Mom. My husband (Dad) & I own a two story $250,000 home in suburban Ohio. I drive a white 2018 Ford Explorer. Yes, it looks like a police car. Yes, I will drive closely behind you. My 11 week old only sleeps ten minutes at a time. My son is late to soccer practice and I'll be damned if you're going to take an extra half second after the light turns green to go. I'm laying on the horn. I've got Lula Roe to sell. Lipsense on my lips. Wine in my Yeti. I only spent two minutes on my makeup and I still look better than you pores. If you don't come to my Pure Romance party I will call children's services on you. My seven year old is rear facing and yours should be, as well. It's not my fault you neglect your children. Anyone who has ever smoked marijuana deserves the death penalty. Nobody like that should be walking on the streets. My husband and I haven't had sex in two years. That isn't what marriage is about. He makes $70,000 a year and that's what I am here for. My labias are beginning to droop and darken, but Linda sold me a Young Life essential oil that's supposed to help and my Younique lashes make up for it. I wear all workout clothing and my blonde hair doesn't come out of a pony tail. I'm a busy woman, between my kids' sports events, Costco trips and Scentsy buys. I'm a wine MOM and a dog MOM. If your stroller isn't $500 and all of your children aren't gulping from monogrammed Yetis, don't come near me or my kids (Gracelynne & Jaxtonne) at the playground. I don't associate with peasants. Only tru moms will be brave enough to repost this.
Oh god soyboy traps turn me on so much. God I just wanna dominate one in bed for 23 hours constantly, while he moans about receiving my "soy cummies." I don't know what that means but it would just turn me on so much I'd be a jackhammer in that mofo boy pussy. GODDAMNIT I want to bang a trap so hard. And to you betas, no, it is perfectly straight to bang something that looks like a hot chick. Would I bang someone who looks like a guy but is actually a girl? HELL NO. I want to bang shit that looks like hot chicks. If you dress a dog up as a chick, I'd bang him. If you dressed a fish as a hot chick, It'd bang it. If you dress a fucking rock as some sexy ass girl, I'd go to town with it all night long. So in conclusion, it is NOT gay to wanna fuck traps, as they look like girls and that's hot af.
Yo. Ram Ranch Cowboys aboard the cockship. Gonna fuck Thanos' butt
Shawn, Thor, Black Cock Gang, gonna land in Thaos' garden and fuck that sweet butter boihole deeper than ever been fucked before, fuckpig whore.
Ram Ranch Cowboys ramming Thanos' butt, gonna give him loads and loads of cum. Cum a-flowin' cum a-flowin' cum a-flowin'
Elon Musk, Captain America, US Marines, gonna suck Thanos' 12 inch cock. Andella, Black Cock Gang, fucking Thanos' butt. Fucking and fucking and fucking. You really like that boy. Begging for more and more and more, you fuckpig whore. Oinkin' and oikin' and oikin'
Prince Harry, Iron Man, and grog boys having their dicks sucked by Thanos. Rammin his throat deeper and deeper. Thanos' throat just begging to be fucked. Gonna feed him loads and loads of cum.
I can not stop listening to Slaying in Roblox. It has been on loop for over 3 days now!!!! I can't believe one song could influence my entire life. I used to play roblox at least 4 days a week, but now I see things differently. I now play 6.5 days a week and have been enlightened to playing jail break and the classic obbeys. I even have a girlfriend!!!! I met her in super hero tycoon!!! Her spelling is kind of bad, but I think she just is tired.
Give it up folks, einstein over here has something to say. What's that buddy? Wha- A grammatical error?!? WHAT?!? B... Bu... That can't be possible! Surely not! A GRAMMAR MISTAKE? IN MY SIGHT?!? What a great, absolute miracle that you and your 257 IQ Brain was here to correct it! Thank you! Have my grattitude, Actually, What's your cashapp? I'd like to give you 20$... Know what? While we're at it have the keys to my car. Actually, no, scratch that. Have the keys to my house, go watch my kids grow up and fuck my wife. Also, my Paypal username and password is: Ilikesmartazzes4 and 968386329. Go have fun. Thank you for your work.﻿
At the beginning of the movie, Antman strips completely and gives his suit to thanos, who then grows to a massive size, and rips antman’s suit, exposing his naked body. The avengers then unite and for 2 and a half hours start rimming thanos’s greasy asshole. Thanos, after expending his stamina nuts, shooting hundreds of thousands of gallons of his semen on the city. Seeing the threat, the avengers start fighting his human sized sperm, which have become aggressive.
You blow your brains out at age 30 due to loneliness and lack of genuine human interaction in a shitty walk up apartment filled with roaches and drug addicts. You are buried in a no-name cemetery with a generic headstone by the state because literally 0 people give a fuck about you, except for that one internet friend that didn’t even know your name but still made a facebook memorial for you on principle (lmao like he gives an actual fuck about you) that got 3 likes. Nobody remembers you and your family tree ends because you are literally too pathetic and unfuckable to even have some bastard out there in the world.
You spoiled the end to endgame. I spoiled the end to your life.
I just saw endgame, and it was pretty good, but there were a few weird things.
I thought it was strange how the Russo Brothers decided to render Thanos’ erect penis in such vivid detail. The veins were so perfectly done I couldn’t even tell his cock wasn’t real.
Another thing I found weird was when Black Panther broke the fourth wall and gave the audience the n-word pass. I did appreciate it, but it would feel more in place in a Deadpool movie.
Overall, it was still excellent, but I think that they definitely need to reconsider some things.
Noobmaster, hey it’s Thor again. You know, the god of thunder? Listen buddy, if you don’t log off this game immediately I will fly over to your house, and come down to that basement you’re hiding in and rip off your arms and shove them up your butt! Oh, that’s right, yea just go cry to your father you little weasel.
